the Samsung Galaxy s6 edge 128 thinkable
and yeah
before we get to video guys please smash
that burnished and hit ten mags also
subscribe for dayz if i content without
sender let's get straight into the video
so start things off all the good all I
do is just I'm gonna push out the actual
real box so try and do this without you
know once you've gotten that off got to
the side and here's the actual Samsung
box I'm just gonna lift it slowly okay
now as you guys can see straight away we
can see the sapphire black samsung
galaxy s6 song we do I'm just gonna keep
that out right now for you guys alright
now I'm going to set that to the side
I'm gonna see what else is in this box
so we just got some mix I like tips and
all that I'll be good
that's all galaxy headphones turn the
Pocky and everything but actually side
we've got the adapter deepen adapter but
UK and charge a wire and we've also got
the sim unlock a thing for for coming
all this inside we've actually got the
actual Samsung in the pocket and
everything and yeah that is pretty much
it this Penistone ck if you guys enjoyed
the video please smash lab relation 810
lags also subscribe for dainty nearby
content and I'm out peace yes secret